feat!: Remove HeadingLevel type, group Heading sizes in story (#1387)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/heading/README.md

# Heading

> Communicates the organization of the content on a page.

Reviewer: I don't think this is an improvement, it's a bit vague. Why do you want to change it?

Author: I borrowed it from the [W3C WAI](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/page-structure/headings/). I think the rationale should not include usage information and should not start with the component name. I intend to update the rationale for all components like this and thought I could take this one along already.

I’ve restored the “A heading describes the content beneath it.” so we won’t miss that as well?

Reviewer: It's still really vague imo. We could just do this, and remove the first guideline:

```suggestion
Describes the content that follows it.
Use Headings to allow the user to grasp the structure of the page quickly.
```

Use headings to allow the user to grasp the structure of the page quickly.
Communicates the organization of the content on a page.

## Guidelines

> - A heading describes the content beneath it.

Reviewer: Without this item, we don't really describe what a Heading actually does. I'd leave it in.

> - Do not use a Heading for formatting and styling, but represent the page’s structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not use a Heading for formatting and styling, but to represent the page’s structure.
```

>   User agents may use heading information to generate a table of contents for a document.

Reviewer: Headings serve a more important purpose imo, which is to let users of screen readers navigate the hierarchy. Generating a table of contents feels like a somewhat niche use?

Author: Yes. updated.
